# Install `cookiecutter`
Firstly, make sure you have installed the latest version of  `cookiecutter`
```
python -m pip install --upgrade cookiecutter
```
!!! FAQ
    Cookiecutter is project templating tool allows create "copies" by a template files structure and template strings inside the project so for best experience we allow you configured some paramteres like project name, description, etc. and it easily can be done with `cookiecutter`

Now you are ready create your own library! Remind you we are going to create a library that 

# Create a remote respository
Your library will almost depend on remote respositry (GitHub prefered). So now we should create it

// later

# Create a project by template
Execute this command in tertminal:
```shell
cookiecutter gh:deknowny/python-package-template -o .
```

!!! Missing
    If you get an error like `command cookiecutter cannot be found`
    try using `python -m cookiecutter gh:deknowny/python-package-template -o .`

You will be asked these prompts. Fill it with this:

* `project_name`: Provide project name here (we will set it to `Numbers Operations`)
* `project_slug`: ++Enter if it's okay. It will used as PyPI package name so make sure it's unique!
* `project_description`: Provide porjcet description. (we will set it to `Test PYPATE template with my own library`)
* `author_name`: Provide you full name here
* `author_email`: Provide your valid email
* `development_python_version`: As you prefer (we will use `3.9`)
* `min_supported_version`: We just add functions with summarize and substract numbers. `3.6` will be okay
* `github_project_name`: Provide github project name. It concatenated with your github username and repository name. If your username is `johndoe` and library name is `mylib` enter `johndoe/mylib` here
* `github_main_branch`: Recommend to use `main`, but you have an old version of Git and `master` is often used by you keep it for your convinience
* `docs_uri`: ++Enter

We will discuss every field more deeply later when the field has straight influence on what we are doing at the moment

Check out that directeory with your `project_slug` is created and files are successfully generated by the template.

# 